let's start with fixtures there are four
different types of accent fixtures
available to customers battery plug-in
direct wire and convertible our battery
fixtures offer the simplest installation
solution you just put them in place and
turn them on you can't get much easier
than that now we have our plugin
fixtures this cost-effective option
allows customers to simply plug in their
fixture and they're ready to go again
super easy the direct wire fixture
offers a sleeker look than the plug-in
models because it has no visible cords
and can be controlled by single wall
switch because these fixtures have to be
tied into a home's existing electrical
system they're usually installed by a
professional our last light fixture we
offer is convertible this gives
customers the option between direct wire
and plugin customers can choose from PUC
linear ribbon and route lights before we
get into linear fixtures let's take a
few minutes to talk about ribbon and
puck light first is our opti LED
six-foot LED ribbon light that we
introduced late last year this is a
great product because it's credible and
seven inch increments can be used indoor
or outdoor and provides great light
output it's extremely versatile next is
our three light LED pucks that were also
introduced late last year this is a
great solution for that customer that's
looking for more focused light this kit
comes ready to plug-in includes three
pucks and is fully dimmable for
customers that are looking for even more
options we have an assortment of
fixtures and light sources for them to
choose from the New Hampton Bays slim
LED under cabinet lights come in 12 18
and 24 inch lengths and are a good
option for customers who want something
easy to install the product comes with
the necessary mounting brackets external
power supply and linking cables Darrell
ultra-slim our three step dimming and
our linkable
being linkable the customers can link
one fixture to another which is ideal
for use under longer cabinets are GE
premium led under cabinet lights come in
twelve and eighteen inch lengths as well
as 24 inch lengths in select stores
these are convertible lights enter a
good option for pro insulation or a DI
wire they come out of the box ready to
be plugged in and linked together
however customers would like to convert
them to direct wire they'll need the GE
junction box that's sold separately
these fixtures are not dimmable but do
come with a lifetime limited warranty
finally we have the new Juno led under
cabinet lights that come in 12 18 and 24
inch lengths like the GE lights these
are convertible and can be used by
either the pro or GI wire
you